slime mold rts

start with one building and 10 units, 100 food, near some food. units can collect the food and take it to any building. 
each unit gathers about 5 food every 10 seconds.
1000 food at each base location.
four units selected allows you to build another build, consuming the four units
one unit allows you to build an add on that must be attached to a building, consuming the unit
by default, building can create a worker every 10 seconds, costing 50 food. initial health is 25
building has 100 health, addons have 25 health
addon attached to a building modify the units built from that building going forward, not including unfinished units. 
you get a limited number of add ons of each type say 10, not replenished over 3 rounds? but have a lot of differnt addons.
add on may do things like add mellee attack, reduce cost/time, add attack range, add flight, add move speed, add armour, 
root into ground (x2 armor, x2 range?), visiblity range, cliff jump, swim, 
building has six slots for add ons, adjacent addons of the same type can be combined to form ablitites, 2 for passive, 3 for active, with more addons reducing cooldown time
2 adjacent "extra health" gives passive healing, 3 gives castable heal
2 adjacent "melle attack" gives splash?
2 adjacent "armor" gives shields that recover over time
2 adjacent "range" gives splash, 3  gives gerenade
2 adjacent "projectile", 3 gives snipe
2 adjacent "flight" speed, 3 for ablity to land and take off?
cliff jump -> teleport
abilty to transport others?
root to ground -> burrow
visiblity range -> see burrowed/ cloaked
move speed -> blink
consume food ablity? 
stun -> neural

is there a way to get to neural parrisite? viper grappling shot?

all units have default "gather food" slow mellee attach, 

flying uints can use mellee attacks on other flyers

aim for 20 addons? reserve on key for making builing, and some/two keys for ablitites? 
max of two ablities if it takes 3 addons joinded to make an ablity?

to build a unit, the food cost and time to build increase with nb of addons.

can gather food from dead units? can also gather food from alive units, amount of food is production cost minus health
pathfinding blocked? by dead big units?
increase trave cost over tiles related to population in the tile, either gound, underground or in sky

all units can gather food?
all units can be converted to buildings
building get dimished version of skills of input units. does this allow flying buildings. yes. not very fast and only flying units could drop off food.
addon get dimished version of skill, but is still attached to building

can buildings use ablitites? if all 4 input units had some ablity. do ablities mix into new ablitites, so a builds still gets the 'w','e' ablitites....


building can eat your own units for food? slow? a flying building could eat a neural controlled flying building, but may not finish before neural, so eating is a form of damage


